N.A.S.A. Space APPS Challenge October 2020
Project Name: Power producer for multiple devices
Proposal presented by: Alejandro A. Forero

The dream and vision of the N.A.S.A. and other space agencies such as the European Space Agency (ESA), the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA), the Canadian Space Agency (CSA), the Australian Space Agency (ASA)... is also shared by Panama and the region, where we hope soon to be able to say with pride that we have a Panamanian Space Agency (PA.S.A.)

With that same vision and passion, we would like to be able to collaborate with ideas like this one and help to develop new activities in the space field so that it becomes involved in the private sector in everything that concerns space.

This project: Power producer for multiple devices, is presented to you as an option (for example) such as "CONCESSION" with many possibilities of controlled opening to the private sector, where below we will present a scenario that would serve as an example.

Let's say that the Panamanian Space Agency (PASA) exists and in collaboration with the N.A.S.A. these "Power producer for multiple devices" are assembled in the terrestrial atmosphere to then be sent to a planet or a moon of our solar system in which it is desired to develop some type of commercial private activity, be it mining, research, permanent base or exploration.

In the example of the main video, we have chosen one of the poles of the planet Mercury, since in this place, the rotation would not affect much in the development of the activity that is going to be carried out on the surface, since it is in an area that could be defined as "sunrise or sunset" here on Earth, not too hot like at noon, not too cold like at night.

Once this project (Power producer for multiple devices) reaches a geostationary orbit above where the desired activity will take place, This will deploy its "eight Electrodynamic tethers" (or more, depending on how much energy is required on the surface) and its protective cover will face the Sun so that all the Tethers absorb the "electrons" coming from the Sun and the small magnetic field of Mercury, while protecting the instruments located behind such as the "Electric Generating Plant", which is responsible for transforming the energy from electrons and transforming it into microwaves and the "Transmitting Antenna" that will send these microwaves to the surface.

Once all this "optimal and functional", the place that already has energy could be put in concession to future private companies that show interest in extracting resources from said area that was previously explored and demonstrated to have valuable mineral resources.

Everything that this private company extracts from the site, belongs to its patrimony as long as it pays the rent or concession (that could be an incentive to promote private space exploration!!!).

This same project can be carried out in places like Jupiter that has a huge magnetic field, (it is bigger than the Sun) and could perfectly provide electricity to this proposal and this, in turn, provide electricity to robots and artifacts that would be on the moons of Jupiter or Saturn!!!...